# InterIITBlockchain
The contract gives loans with a 10% interest to a user. Each loan taken is added as a “Loan” to the list of Loans taken. A “Loan” is a data structure defined with 4 attributes , The User who deposited the ETH , The time at which the loan was taken , The amount of BR given to the User and whether the loan has been cleared or not . The PassTime function allows us to move the contracts time forward , takes in an integer input and effectively moves the server as many hours ahead in time. This is just to see the simple interest being calculated by the contract. When the User sends x ETH to the contract by using the  TakeLoan function, it sends 100*x BR to the User , returns the loan number for future reference(Loan Numbering starts from 1). and adds another Loan to the list of Loans. The CheckOwe function takes the Loan Number and returns how much money the User owns. This function can only be used to check the money a User owes for the loans he took and hasn’t cleared yet. The ClearLoan Function takes the required amount of BR’s (Including interest) for the given Loan Number , and then sends the ETH which the User had deposited for that loan back to the User. It then changes the loan status to Cleared , and then the BR value of this loan is set as the profit obtained from this loan , which can be accessed by the bank later. 

The Time variable , with the PassTime function can be replaced with block.timestamp implementations for real world implementation of the same contract.
